[Clang] Introduce malloc_span attribute (#167010)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- New format attributes ``gnu_printf``, ``gnu_scanf``, ``gnu_strftime`` and ``gnu_strfmon`` are added
  as aliases for ``printf``, ``scanf``, ``strftime`` and ``strfmon``. (#GH16219)

> - New function attribute `malloc_span` is added. Its semantics is similar to that of the `malloc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New function attribute `malloc_span` is added. It has semantics similar to that of the `malloc`
```
